is a spooky map but there's candy hidden
all over this place
Aaron did you find something funny all
right yeah no I just broke a window he
did the same thing yeah
I've heard there's no such thing
well we come here he comes okay hey play
what you everyone black rich blur which
I can't get you yeah is when we're Blair
Witch n I'm try I can't do it you've won
no no is who is that say you own works
Wow run as a church as well alright now
what you have to do to get the candy is
stand in front of it and you got to
repeat red rocket red rocket red rocket
and the candy cool castle bro I seem to
have found something on the beach life's
yeah I can say glowing hey okay get him
hold on wait wait wait don't tag me I
didn't kill my wife
okay tell us a scary story I didn't
Wally wait okay
once upon a time
spongebob was a real thing
Oh Oh a giant sponge man native hater
hear that yeah it's called the Thunder
it's good okay so hear that I'm breaking
all the windows 1,000 years ago three
hiders entered a room full of boxes
boxes of anger and it's not quite
Christmas so that's so spooky and
unsettling and these campers decided to
just shit
you probably got damage to me buddy
wait he's back here the the end if
anybody sees us just pretend to be a
ghost okay okay ghosts are terrifying
yeah what's the scariest ghost ever hmm
no probably a dinosaur a ghost I'd be
pretty bad answer is never is the answer
ghost dad ghosts dead yes oh I see
something
Oh looky
letting you have a flashlight you could
mop your hand what is this - hold the
phone whatever
can somebody meet me in the boardroom
please oh oh in the last six months how
many times have you taken off your thank
you take it off your pants six months
ill you okay come to the other side I'm
going to judge both of you right now
okay in the past eight months how many
times all seconds all the view Wiener
boot at least twice